Paper ID :	A20220713121305
Paper Title :	Verifying Zookeeper based on Model­Based runtime Trace­Checking using TLA+

审稿意见1：
This document is based on the design and implementation of the running model Trace checker of TLA+ and TLC, and uses the checker to verify the consistency of the real behavior of the Zookeeper cluster in the distributed system. By formally verifying the status data flow of the Zookeeper cluster in real time, it monitors whether its implementation meets the consistency requirements specified by the Zab protocol. This is an important topic in the field of formal verification. I think this article should be published after minor repair.
1. The experimental results prove the consistency of the real behavior of the Zookeeper cluster. However, I cannot reproduce the experimental results. Please give the TLC protocol code.
2. Explain the essential meaning of the action attribute contained in the Next specification in Section 3.4 of the paper, which affects readability.
3. The keyword title is lost.
4.2.1 Modify "files tla and Safety" in section to "files tla and safety", and "The Trace stage" in section 2.2 to "The trace stage".

审稿意见2：
This document is based on the design and implementation of the running model Trace checker of TLA+ and TLC, and uses the checker to verify the consistency of the real behavior of the Zookeeper cluster in the distributed system. By formally verifying the status data flow of the Zookeeper cluster in real time, it monitors whether its implementation satisfied the consistency requirements specified by the Zab protocol.It is my opinion that the article should be published after the minor revison
1.1 In the Trace test of the. Running model, the overall scheme of the paper is given. An important difficulty and key point in the running status verification is to plug in the code pile. What is the output of the pile? Can the pile cover the branch of the code?
2. The keyword title is lost.
3.In Section 3.3, "The Zookeeper component" should be changed to "The zookeeper component"; in Section 2.2, "The Trace stage" should be changed to "The trace stage".
4. Explain the test verification results of Table2.


Paper ID :	A20220712243865
Paper Title :	The Runtime model Detection Method for Zero Trust Security Policy
审稿意见1：
This document proposes a zero trust security policy detection method based on online verification. By converting a policy file into a logical protocol for policy instantiation, the protocol for policy instantiation and the logical protocol for policy abstraction are detected to verify the consistency of policies. Secondly, the model detection is performed on the process protocol that dynamically collects system operation data and forms of security, compliance, and legal agreements, to implement real-time detection and verification of security compliance specifications after policy execution. Finally, zero-trust security policies are detected and evaluated. I think this article should be employed after minor repair.
1. The author also needs to check the text carefully, especially the sizes of some font sizes in this document.
2. Are there any theoretical basis for policy abstraction and instantiation?  
3. There should be a formal description for model detection and consistency verification. Is it necessary to prove it?  
审稿意见2：
In this paper, a zero trust security policy detection method based on online verification is proposed. By converting the policy file into the policy instance logic specification, the model of policy instance specification and policy abstraction logic specification is detected to verify the consistency of policy implementation. Secondly, the model is detected by dynamically collecting system running data and formal process specification composed of security, compliance and legal treaties, so as to realize the real-time detection and verification of security compliance specifications after policy implementation, and finally realize the detection and evaluation of zero trust security policy.
1. The paper format needs to be modified, especially the title format and icon format.
2. Add the reference document label
3.The reference standards in the paper need to be modified
